README.md, before:

# Python Interview Preparation

Thanks for interviewing at Stripe.
To make sure that we can use our time best in the interviews,
we'd like to have you do some setup on your laptop in advance.
If you don't have a laptop, let your recruiter know
and they will supply you with a loaner laptop for your in-person interviews.

First, _clone_ or _download_ this repository to your computer
via the links on the right
(creating a fork of the repository is not necessary).

Note, we will be working with **Python 3** (Python 3.6 or later).
See the [RealPython installation guide], if you haven't installed Python 3 yet.

We'll create a [virtual environment] with [venv]
and install some requirements that will be useful in your interviews.

> If for some reason you must use Python 2.7,
> use [virtualenv] to create the virtual environment.

Create a new Python 3 environment called `interview_env` and _activate_ it
(`bash` compatible shells on Mac or Linux):

```bash
$ python3 -m venv ./interview_env
$ source ./interview_env/bin/activate # or source ./interview_env/bin/activate.fish if you're using fish shell
```

On Windows (assuming `cmd.exe`):

```batch
> python -m venv .\interview_env
> .\interview_env\Scripts\activate
```

Next, install some requirements into the activated virtual environment:

```bash
(interview_env) $ pip install -r interview_requirements.txt
```

Finally, in that activated virtual environment, verify that your environment supports TLS 1.2:

```bash
(interview_env) $ ./verify_tls.py
TLS 1.2 supported, no action required.
```

If you see a response that begins with `Error`, follow the instructions it provides.

[RealPython installation guide]: https://realpython.com/installing-python/
[virtual environment]: https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer/
[venv]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html
[virtualenv]: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html

Commit message:

Add debugging tips; clarify language

README.md, after:

# Python Interview Preparation

Thanks for interviewing at Stripe.
To make sure that we can use our time best in the interviews,
we'd like to have you do some setup on your laptop in advance.
If you don't have a laptop, let your recruiter know
and they will supply you with a loaner laptop for your in-person interviews.

First, _clone_ or _download_ this repository to your computer
via the links on the right
(creating a fork of the repository is not necessary).

Note, we will be working with **Python 3** (Python 3.6 or later).
See the [RealPython installation guide], if you haven't installed Python 3 yet.

We'll create a [virtual environment] with [venv]
and install some Python packages that will be useful in your interviews.

> If for some reason you must use Python 2.7,
> use [virtualenv] to create the virtual environment.

**Create a new virtual environment** called `interview_env` and _activate_ it.

```bash
$ python3 -m venv ./interview_env
$ source ./interview_env/bin/activate
```

The `activate` script is for Bash and Zsh on Mac or Linux.
For other shells, such as Fish or Csh, see the [venv] documentation.

On Windows (assuming `cmd.exe`):

```batch
> python -m venv .\interview_env
> .\interview_env\Scripts\activate
```

Next, **install some requirements** into the activated virtual environment:

```bash
(interview_env) $ pip install -r interview_requirements.txt
```

Finally, in that activated virtual environment, verify that your environment supports [TLS 1.2] or later:

```bash
(interview_env) $ python verify_tls.py
TLS 1.2 supported; no action required.
```

If you see a response that begins with `Error`, follow the instructions it provides.
[MacOS SSL debugging] may be helpful.


[RealPython installation guide]: https://realpython.com/installing-python/
[virtual environment]: https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer/
[venv]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html
[virtualenv]: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html
[TLS 1.2]: https://pyfound.blogspot.com/2017/01/time-to-upgrade-your-python-tls-v12.html
[MacOS SSL debugging]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58280484/ssl-module-in-python-is-not-available-on-osx/60467942#60467942
